Chapter 3117 - Gold Crystal System

Chapter 3117 Gold Crystal System

“An ink eye beast… Selling an ink eye beast…” On the streets, many people were selling gene races. Ink eye beasts were the best-selling ones at the moment.

Han Sen asked around as to why that was. He was told the Gold Crystal System was too shiny. Continued exposure to the light led to damaged eyesight. If people had ink eye beasts, their eyes could be shielded from the harmful effects of the light. Also, in the light, they were able to see further than normal.

Whichever noble went to dig gene eggs in the Gold Crystal System typically possessed a gene race like that. If they did not have one, they’d fork over the money to purchase one. Otherwise, if they entered the God Crystal System, they could be rendered blind.

The ink eye beast was only a baron gene race, but it cost 10,000 for each one. It was more expensive than the average viscount gene race.

Han Sen’s eyes were stronger than god-class gene races, so he did not need the aid of an ink eye beast. He looked at Li Bing Yu and asked, “Ghost Kill, do you require an ink eye beast?”

Li Bing Yu shook her head and said, “I have a gene race with a similar function. I do not need a gene race of such a low level. If you need one, it is best not to buy an ink eye beast. That gene race is too low of a level. Its abilities are poor. It can enable you to go into the early zones. If you want to do deeper into the God Spirit Blood-Pulse, the ink eye beast is not going to be able to shield your eyes from the powerful light. You are going to have to combine with something.”

Han Sen nodded. He prepared to go to the Gold Crystal System when he heard someone call out his name.

“Han Sen… Wait for me…” A big, bald man was in the crowd ahead, standing out like a sore thumb. He was running toward Han Sen, waving at him.

“Bald Guy, why are you here?” Han Sen asked.

Bald Guy looked cocky as he said, “I am a student of Mister Wei, and there is a word of a magnificent God Spirit Blood-Pulse being here. How could I not come?”

Li Bing Yu was surprised by that. She looked at the man’s bald head as she asked, “Mister Wei is here?”

Bald Head nodded. “Master and a few other brothers are here too. We are going to conduct a large operation. We are going to find ourselves a god-class gene egg. How about you accompany us?”

Han Sen did not answer. Not too far away, he heard another person talking strangely. “Brother Bald Guy, don’t say that. This guy is loved by the crown prince. He is very noble. We do not have what it takes to be by his side.”

A dozen people walked forward. At the center of the crew was an elder with a white beard. The man who was speaking was a middle-aged man clad in armor. The set of armor was beautiful. It was not something cheap. “Third Brother, how could you say such a thing?” Bald Guy looked glum.

The middle-aged man smiled. “Brother Bald Guy, did you not hear what I said? In that case, I will say it clearly. It is fine that you want to buddy-up with evil, but do not bring harm to the reputation of your teacher. It might be fine if you want to be with him, but don’t drag us all down with you. I do not want people talking behind my back.”

Bald Guy was incredibly angry. He wished to say something, but the white-bearded elder said, “That is enough, Yufei. Stop messing around. Time is of the essence. We need to find the land pulse. We do not have time to waste around here.”

Bald Guy looked upset. He gnashed his teeth and said, “Do whatever you want. I am going with Han Sen.”

The white-haired elder frowned. He wanted to say something, but the third brother said, “Big Brother, just ignore him. He is not that good. It does not change a thing if we go with or without him. He loves to be with people in high places, so why should we stand in the way of his petty dreams of becoming famous?” The white-bearded elder shook his head. “Yufei, you know where we are going to go. Just come back later.”

“It is fine, Big Brother,” Bald Guy replied. “You do not have to wait. Just tell my teacher I will be going to Gold Crystal System with my friend.”

“In that case, I wish you luck,” the middle-aged man said in a mocking tone of voice. “I hope you can find the god-class gene egg,” “Brother Three, stop it!” The white-bearded elder stopped the middle-aged man and led him away. After they walked away, Bald Guy laughed. “Han Sen, with me, Bald Guy, here, you do not need to worry. I promise I will find you something.’ “I can believe that.” Han Sen had no hope that Bald Guy could find him a gene egg, but Bald Guy still admitted to the others he was a friend. That made him feel touched.

After all, Han Sen was a person who was hated everywhere. He was an enemy of all the other nobles. Claiming he was a friend of his would undoubtedly damage his own reputation. It might even have put him in danger. The three of them hit the road. Bald Head was telling Han Sen that the God Spirit Blood-Pulse there was unusual.

Because the magnet fields had changed, Gold Crystal System had a super God Spirit Blood-Pulse. According to Mister Wei’s calculations, the God Spirit Blood-Pulse there would have a Destroyed class God Spirit Blood-Pulse and some god-class gene eggs up for grabs.

Bald Guy laughed. “I do not have a level high enough to find where the Blood-Pulse generates, but it will not be hard to find where the god-class gene egg is. You guys should just follow me.”

Because the magnetic fields were very strong, all kinds of tools in the Gold Crystal System were broken. Airships were unable to fly into there. Bald Guy summoned a big dragon-like gene race. He showed it off to Han Sen. “Ha! Ha! This is an evolved ultimate god-class gene race. It is called a God Wind Dragon. Its flying speed makes it one of the best out of all the gene races.”

“This gene race does look pretty awesome.” Han Sen looked at the 3-foot-long God Wind Dragon and laughed. With a touch of cockiness, he replied, “What do you mean by pretty awesome? It is awesome. We need it to traverse the Gold Crystal System. Come on up.” Bald Guy sat on the God Wind Dragon’s back.

Han Sen did not decline the offer. Li Bing Yu also got on the God Wind Dragon’s back. The God Wind Dragon flapped its wings and flew away like a typhoon. It was headed for the shiny Gold Crystal System. They were in space.

Han Sen saw many people there. They were all riding different kinds of gene races, flying into the Gold Crystal System. They were mostly gene races used for livestock. There were some weird flying tigers and bats. All sorts of weird gene races were seen.

Bald Guy pointed at the gene races and introduced them to Han Sen. “That four-winged tiger is not bad, but it is not as good as my God Wind Dragon.”

Han Sen was interested in the topic. He was intently listening when he suddenly felt a big movement inside his Sea of Soul. After it swallowed the black crystal armor, the gold wing peacock hadn’t been able to be used because it was evolving. Now, that evolution process had finished.

The gold light, which looked like an egg, had a crack. Some shiny sort of gold light leaked out. When the light cracks were bigger, the gold light grew brighter. In the end, it was like a golden sun shining in his Sea of Soul. Suddenly, the light went dim.

As that happened, Han Sen saw that the gold wing peacock had finished evolving. Its golden feathers looked dreamy. Its body glowed with a god light. It was like a god bird straight out of mythology.

Above the gold wing peacock king, the black crystal armor did not move an inch. It had no lifeforce. It looked as if it was dead.

Han Sen looked at the gold wing peacock king’s information. It made him happy. He discovered it had already reached ultimate mode.