Chapter 496 - Strength Test

Chapter 496: Strength Test

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Brother, which department are you from?” asked a young soldier who was sitting next to Han Sen in the warm-up area of the military contest.

“I am from a warship, a cookhouse soldier,” Han Sen replied.

When the young soldier heard Han Sen say that he was from a warship, he thought Han Sen was an elite. However, when Han Sen then said he was a cookhouse soldier, the young man’s expression changed.

It was not to say that cookhouse soldiers were definitely weak, but normally speaking, the cookhouse soldiers were trained less than others. Therefore, it was understandable that they were usually weak.

“Ha ha, your warship must be good, sending cookhouse soldiers to take part in the contest,” the young soldier joked casually, meaning nothing malicious.

“All the other departments are quite busy, and we are the only ones who have time. That’s why they sent me,” Han Sen said with a smile.

“Actually, we are only here to be onlookers. We are all counting on Zheng Yuze here. I hope that he can beat the Tiger of Blueblood Special Force and make Southwest Galaxy proud,” said the young soldier.

“Zheng Yuze?” Han Sen thought about it, and it seemed he had heard of this name. Zheng Yuze appeared to be one of the other two candidates competing for the position of Ji Yanran’s guard.

After chatting with the young soldier for a while, the warm-up zone suddenly became quiet. Han Sen followed everyone’s gazes to a huge man who walked over in large steps. Even looking at him made people want to run away.

“Tiger of Blueblood, Tie Yi…” whispered the soldiers from the Southwest Galaxy.

Glancing at the soldiers in the warm-up zone with his black eyes, Tie Yi eventually gazed at a forty-year-old veteran and asked seriously, “You are Zheng Yuze?”

“I am,” Zheng Yuze said and nodded.

“Great,” Tie Yi replied, and then sat down without saying anything else.

After all, he was not from this galaxy and had no friends here, so he was simply resting.

Seeing how Tie Yi acted, Han Sen knew that he thought nothing of Han Sen and the other competitor, and believed that only Zheng Yuze was worthy of his attention.

Han Sen did not care much. After all, everything was about strength in the end. It would not benefit him if Zheng Yuze or Tie Yi gave him more credit.

Very soon, the contest began. The contestants walked in a group into the venue, seeing a sea of soldiers and officers who were the audience. It was quite magnificent to watch.

The Southwest Galaxy included two main galaxies: Xigeli Galaxy and Nansanxuan Galaxy, and sixteen smaller Galaxies. Only Xigeli Galaxy and Nansanxuan Galaxy had a large number of habitable planets. Only one or two of the sixteen smaller galaxies had military bases. Other planets were either uninhabitable or used for mining only.

Among the military zones, the Southwest Galaxy was smaller than average. Even so, it had hundreds of millions of troops. Those who were able to come to the contest were just a small part of the representatives, but it was already quite astonishing to see.

The reason that humans had begun to dominate the universe was their numbers in addition to their intelligence.

After all, this was not a private fight. So the contest included many events in addition to duels.

The first event was a test of strength. A strength tester was placed on the venue, looking like a giant drum.

The contestants could hit the drum using whatever method they chose. And then the screen on the drum would show the score of the last hit. The higher the score, the better.

Although no one would be eliminated because of a bad score, one’s final score was the sum of the scores of all events. If in the end, one’s final score was not among the top four, one would not be able to enter the contests for the title of soldier king.

Shortly, in the thunder-like cheers of the soldiers, the first round of the strength test began. The soldier who was called first came up to the stage to strike the drum.

Since all the contestants were elites from their respective units, they were all evolvers with fitness over a hundred. After watching for a while, Han Sen noticed that the score was ordinarily between a hundred and a hundred and five, and there were not any outstanding performances.

Although it was a galaxy-wide contest, there was an age limit on the contestants. And some special forces were not allowed in the contest.

Very soon, it was Tie Yi’s turn. The eyes of all the contestants were focused on him. Even the audience stopped cheering, waiting to see Tie Yi’s performance quietly.

Under all the attention, Tie Yi was not nervous at all. He simply walked up to the drum and hit it without any additional moves.

Boom!

A loud sound made people’s ears hurt. The number on the screen of the drum changed quickly and ended up on the number 113.7584.

Everyone couldn’t help gasping. This kind of strength was nerve-racking among evolvers.

A sacred-blood evolver only had a fitness index around thirty to begin with in Second God’s Sanctuary. With ordinary, primitive, and mutant geno points maxed out, a sacred-blood evolver could only reach around ninety.

In order to have a fitness index of a hundred and ten, one would have to gain at least 40 to 50 sacred geno points. The expressions of all the contestants changed. Zheng Yuze looked grim. This kind of strength was a huge pressure on all of them.

From Han Sen’s perspective, this should not be the best Tie Yi could do. If he used everything he had, he should be able to make the score a bit higher.

It seems that Tie Yi is even stronger than I thought. I hope that I can break his defense effectively, otherwise I will be in trouble, Han Sen thought to himself.

If two opponents were more than thirty apart in their fitness indexes, then one would simply overpower the other. For example, when Han Sen first tried, he could not even break the eyes of the baby Golden Growler, which was because they were too different in fitness index.

However, Han Sen’s fitness had reached a hundred. With Heresy Mantra and Overload, he could do the same to the drum as Tie Yi. There would be no overpowering.

Han Sen’s main concern was still the Super Diamond Body of Tie Yi. After all, it was one of the top ten hyper geno arts.

Later on, it was Zheng Yuze’s turn. Zheng Yuze walked up to the drum, took a deep breath, gave a loud roar, and then hit the drum fiercely.

Boom!

The screen showed the number 114.2584, giving rise to loud applause from the audience. This number was even better than Tie Yi’s, which boosted the morale of the soldiers in the Southwest Galaxy.