Chapter 505 - Blackgod

Chapter 505: Blackgod

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Han Sen glanced at the people who had walked up to him. They didn’t have any fishing tools or personal belongings, so they did not seem to be fishing here.

“F*ck off,” Han Sen said coldly.

“You have quite a temper. But I’m afraid that you haven’t been told who this place belongs to.” The leader of the group, a middle-aged man, did not get mad but smiled coldly at Han Sen.

They didn’t take Han Sen’s words seriously at all. They walked to Han Sen, sighed, and started to pull the bag in which Han Sen had placed the fish he caught.

“Didn’t you hear me? Do not make me say it again,” Han Sen frowned and said.

“Ha ha, boy, you are tough. However, Blackgod Shelter is not the right place for you to get tough.” The middle-aged man reached to grab the fish in Han Sen’s bag. “Our boss at Blackgod Shelter says that half of the gains in the frozen lake must be handed over to the shelter. You have seven fish here, so I will make it cheaper for you, and only take three gold anchovies from you.”

Han Sen had heard that since the frozen lake was near one of the three biggest shelters, Blackgod Shelter, people from Blackgod Shelter would charge the people who were fishing there fees.

Normally speaking, only a primitive fish would be charged, and then the person could fish as long as he wanted to.

These people asked for Han Sen’s three most valuable fish. Obviously, they were jealous of Han Sen’s gains and planned to blackmail him.

Initially, Han Sen had planned to give the people from the Blackgod Shelter a fish if he encountered them. After all, it was their place. However, these people wanted to blackmail him, which made Han Sen reluctant to give them even one fish.

Seeing the middle-aged man reaching for his bag, Han Sen did not speak but stepped on his hand.

The strike was fast and fierce, and the middle-aged man had no way dodge to. Han Sen stepped on his hand, and he suddenly screamed like a pig.

“Dammit. He dared to attack us.” The rest of the people saw Han Sen making a move and quickly summoned their beast souls, striking Han Sen immediately. They were attacking mercilessly, aiming at Han Sen’s vital parts. Han Sen’s eyes became cold. When other people tried to kill him, of course he would not be soft. When the weapons were about to hit him, he waved his right hand. With the flash of three purple lights, all the weapons were cut into pieces, and the three people in the front of him were cut in the chest and died immediately.

The other two people survived luckily because they did not attack as fast. Full of terror, they turned to run away, shouting.

“Go away now. People of Blackgod Shelter are nearby, and they will be here in a minute,” Guan Tong ran over and said.

Han Sen nodded slightly and said, “You should go as well. Avoid this area for the time being.” After parting with Guan Tong, Han Sen left the frozen lake. He did not want to make things worse between him and Blackgod Shelter, so there was no need for him to look for trouble.

However, as Han Sen left the frozen lake, a dozen mounts ran to him and approached him shortly. Obviously, they were targeting him.

“Boss, he is the one who killed of our brothers.” Among the dozen mounted riders, one was the middle-aged man who had run away. He pointed at Han Sen and yelled.

The dozen mounts quickly circled Han Sen. Their leader, a man in black mail with eyes like a hawk’s, stared at Han Sen and said coldly, “You killed my men?”

“They were trying to kill me, so of course I would not choose to be killed,” Han Sen said, looking at the man in black mail.

The men in black mail quickly summoned a beast soul knife that was narrow and long. He pointed it at Han Sen and said, “No matter why, you killed my men at a place of the Blackgod Shelter, so you deserve to die.” As he spoke, the man quickly slashed the knife at Han Sen. The knife was so fast that it was a black light, coming to Han Sen’s face in a second.

Han Sen quickly changed his expression. The strike from the man in black mail was so fast that Han Sen could not completely dodge it with his speed. He had to roar and summon the gargoyle to block the strike with his claws.

As his claws were about to clash with the long knife of the man in black mail, the long knife unexpectedly disappeared. When it appeared again, it cut Han Sen’s chest.

Blood started to come out of the injury in Han Sen’s chest. Luckily, Han Sen stepped back in time and diverted the majority of the force from the knife. In addition, the gargoyle glyph also made his skin tougher to block the damage. Otherwise, Han Sen would have been gutted by this strike.

The knife skills of this man in black mail were very strange, and his fitness was incredible, definitely much tougher than Tie Yi.

Han Sen was not killed by the strike, which surprised the man in black mail slightly. However, he did not stop attacking, but slashed at Han Sen again with his knife.

Several people in the group also summoned their beast soul weapons to rush at Han Sen. Judging from their speed, they were all evolvers with fitness above a hundred. Han Sen knew that he could not stay, or else he would definitely die there. Using Heresy Mantra and Overload at the same time, Han Sen quickly stepped away, running.

However, the people besieging Han Sen left no place for him to go. Han Sen had to rush at two of them.

The two persons cut at Han Sen without hesitation. Han Sen moved left and right like a willow tree in the wind, dodging both their attacks.

However, there was no way he could dodge the strike from the man in black mail who was chasing after him. His back became bloody immediately.

Han Sen gritted his teeth and stayed silent. He rushed away as fast as his legs would carry him and broke the siege of the two persons, running fast on the icefield.

He knew he could not stay. The fitness of the man in black mail was even stronger than his own. In terms of both fitness and knife skills, the man was the top of the top. With the help of the evolvers with fitness levels above a hundred, Han Sen would definitely die if he chose to stay.

“We can’t let him leave alive.” The man in black mail led the group of people to chase after Han Sen, showing strong desire to get rid of him.

The resources on the icefield were so limited that it was completely normal to fight for them. The Blackgod leader would not tolerate any challenge to his interests or authority, otherwise there was no way he could lead the Blackgod Shelter.

Han Sen had known that the competition for resources was heated, but he did not expect it to be as fierce as this.

Han Sen’s speed was lower than Blackgod’s to begin with. Without any place to hide on the icefield, there was no way he could run away like this.

If there were no other evolvers, he could try to fight Blackgod, risking his life. However, under the circumstances, he could only try to run away.

Turning quickly, Han Sen ran toward the frozen lake again. Seeing Blackgod approaching him, Han Sen jumped inside one of the ice holes and disappeared.